---
Layout:
Title: 'jQuery'
Date: 2022-04-01
Categories:
---

# Introduction

Today i have learned about how to Target the Same Element with Multiple jQuery Selectors
and Remove Classes from an Element with jQuery under 
the Front End Development Libraries.

# body

Now we know three ways of targeting elements: by type: $("button"), by class: $(".btn"), 
and by id $("#target1").
Although it is possible to add multiple classes in a single .addClass() call, 
let's add them to the same element in three separate ways.
Using .addClass(), add only one class at a time to the same element, three different ways:
first less create a button elements:
<<button class="btn btn-default target" id="target1">#target1</button>
 
 <button class="btn btn-default target" id="target2">#target2</button>>

Add the animated class to all elements with type button.

Add the shake class to all the buttons with class .btn.

Add the btn-primary class to the button with id #target1.

Note: You should only be targeting one element and adding only one class at a time. Altogether, your three 
individual selectors will end up adding the three classes shake, animated, and btn-primary to #target1.

<script>
$(document).ready(function() {
$("button").addClass("animated");
$(".btn").addClass("shake");
$("#target1").addClass("btn-primary");
  });
</script>

In the same way we can add classes to an element with jQuery's addClass() function, we
can remove them with jQuery's removeClass() function.

Here's how we would do this for a specific button:$("#target2").removeClass("btn-default");
Let's remove the btn-default class from all of our button elements.
<script>
$(document).ready(function() {
$("button").removeClass("btn-default");
  });
</script>

# conclusion
Note that we are using a visual studio code that has no background config of jQuery library and
the Animate.css library and that may lead to us not being able to see our  button element and our function
in action
