---
Layout:
Title: "React"
Date: 2022-06-01
Categories:
---

# Introduction

Today i have learned about how to Set State with this.setState with react
under the Front End Development Libraries.
React is an Open Source view library created and maintained by Facebook. It's a 
great tool to render the User Interface
(UI) of modern web applications.

# body
There is a way to change the component's state. React provides a method for updating component state called setState. You call the setState method within your component class like so: this.setState(), passing in an object with key-value pairs. The keys are your state properties and the values are the updated state data. For instance, if we were storing a username in state and wanted to update it, it would look like this:

this.setState({
  username: 'Lewis'
});
React expects you to never modify state directly, instead always use this.setState() when state changes occur. Also, you should note that React may batch multiple state updates in order to improve performance. What this means is that state updates through the setState method can be asynchronous. There is an alternative syntax for the setState method which provides a way around this problem. This is rarely needed but it's good to keep it in mind! Please consult the React documentation for further details.

Now less take the code below for example:
There is a button element in the code editor which has an onClick() handler. This handler is triggered when the button receives a click event in the browser, and runs the handleClick method defined on MyComponent. Within the handleClick method, update the component state using this.setState(). Set the name property in state to equal the string React Rocks!.

<class MyComponent extends React.Component {
  constructor(props) {
    super(props);
    this.state = {
      name: 'Initial State'
    };
    this.handleClick = this.handleClick.bind(this);
  }
  handleClick() {
    // We changed code below this line
this.setState({
  name: 'React Rocks!'
});
    // We changed code above this line
  }
  render() {
    return (
      <div>
        <button onClick={this.handleClick}>Click Me</button>
        <h1>{this.state.name}</h1>
      </div>
    );
  }
};>

# conclusion
Please note that  we cant really see the DOM since we are using the 
vs code that has no react app template installed
on it and most of the components we used are assumed to be created in the background.
