---
Layout:
Title: 'jQuery'
Date: 2022-03-31
Categories:
---

# Introduction

Today i have learned about how to Target Elements by Class Using jQuery
and Target Elements by id Using jQuery under 
the Front End Development Libraries.

# body

you see how we made our button element bounce? We selected it with $("button"), then we added some CSS classes to them with .addClass("animated bounce");.
We just used jQuery's .addClass() function, which allows us to add classes to elements.
First, let's target our div elements with the class well by using the $(".well") selector.
Note that, just like with CSS declarations, we type a . before the class's name.
Then use jQuery's .addClass() function to add the classes animated and shake.
For example, we could make all the elements with the class text-primary shake by adding the following to our document ready function:<$(".text-primary").addClass("animated shake");>

this is how we do it:
<script>
  $(document).ready(function() {
    $(".well").addClass("animated shake");
  });
</script>

we can also target elements by their id attributes.
First target our button element with the id target3 by using the $("#target3") selector.
Note that, just like with CSS declarations, you type a # before the id's name.
Then use jQuery's .addClass() function to add the classes animated and fadeOut.
Here's how we would make the button element with the id target6 fade out: 
<$("#target6").addClass("animated fadeOut");>

now less do it together :
<script>
  $(document).ready(function() {
    $("#target3").addClass("animated fadeOut");
  });
</script>

# conclusion
jQuery combine css and js and bring out the animation functions to life using type, classes and id to 
target our elements
Note that we are using a visual studio code that has no background config of jQuery library and
the Animate.css library and that may lead to us not being able to see our div , button element and our function
in action
