---
Layout:
Title: 'jQuery'
Date: 2022-04-05
Categories:
---

# Introduction

Today i have learned about how to Change Text Inside an Element Using jQuery
and Remove an Element Using jQuery under
the Front End Development Libraries.

# body

Using jQuery, we can change the text between the start and end tags of an element. we
can even change HTML markup.

jQuery has a function called .html() that lets us add HTML tags and text within an element.
Any content previously within the element will be completely replaced with the content we
provide using this function.

Here's how we would rewrite and emphasize the text of our heading:
\$("h3").html("<em>jQuery Playground</em>");

jQuery also has a similar function called .text() that only alters text without adding tags. In other words, this function will not evaluate any HTML tags passed to it, but will instead treat it as the text you want to replace the existing content with.

first less create a button elements:
<<button class="btn btn-default target" id="target1">#target1</button>

<button class="btn btn-default target" id="target2">#target2</button>>

Change the button with id target2 by emphasizing its text.

<script>
$(document).ready(function() {
$("#target2").html("<em>#target2</em>");
  });
</script>

View our news article for <em> to learn the difference between <i> and <em> and their uses.

Now let's remove an HTML element from your page using jQuery.
jQuery has a function called .remove() that will remove an HTML element entirely

Remove the #target2 element from the page by using the .remove() function.

<script>
$(document).ready(function() {
$("#target2").remove();
  });
</script>

# conclusion

Note that while the <i> tag has traditionally been used to emphasize text, it has since been adopted for use as a tag for icons. The <em> tag is now widely accepted as the tag for emphasis. Either will work for this challenge.
and that we are using a visual studio code that has no background config of jQuery library and
the Animate.css library and that may lead to us not being able to see our button element and our function
in action
