---
Layout:
Title: "React"
Date: 2022-04-28
Categories:
---

# Introduction

Today i have learned about how to Create a Complex JSX Element with
under the Front End Development Libraries.
React is an Open Source view library created and maintained by Facebook. It's a great tool to render the User Interface (UI) of modern web applications.

# body

JSX can represent more complex HTML as well.
One important thing to know about nested JSX is that it must return a single element.
This one parent element would wrap all of the other levels of nested elements.
For instance, several JSX elements written as siblings with no parent wrapper element will not transpile.

Here's an example:

Valid JSX:

<div>
  <p>Paragraph One</p>
  <p>Paragraph Two</p>
  <p>Paragraph Three</p>
</div>

Invalid JSX:

<p>Paragraph One</p>
<p>Paragraph Two</p>
<p>Paragraph Three</p>

now less define a new constant JSX that renders a div element which contains the following elements
in order: An h1, a p, and an unordered list that contains three li items. You can include any text you want within each element.

<const JSX = (<div>

<h1>HELLO WORLD<h1>

<a href="">
anchor tag
</a>
<p>
paragraph tag
</p>
</div>)>

# conclusion

When rendering multiple elements like this, you can wrap them all in parentheses, but it's not strictly required. Also notice this challenge uses a div tag to wrap all the child elements within a single parent element. If you remove the div, the JSX will no longer transpile. Keep this in mind, since it will also apply when you return JSX elements in React components.
