---
Layout:
Title: 'Bootstrap'
Date: 2022-03-25
Categories:
---

# Introduction

Today i have learned about how toChange the CSS of an Element Using jQuery
and Disable an Element Using jQuery under 
the Front End Development Libraries.

# body
We can also change the CSS of an HTML element directly with jQuery.
jQuery has a function called .css() that allows you to change the CSS of an element.

Here's how we would change its color to blue:$("#target1").css("color", "blue");
This is slightly different from a normal CSS declaration, because the CSS property and its value are in quotes, and separated with a comma instead of a colon.

first less create a button elements:
<<button class="btn btn-default target" id="target1">#target1</button>
 
 <button class="btn btn-default target" id="target2">#target2</button>>
less select target1 and change its color to red.
<script>
  $(document).ready(function() {
    $("#target1").css("color", "red");
  });
</script>

We can also change the non-CSS properties of HTML elements with jQuery. For example, we can disable buttons.
When you disable a button, it will become grayed-out and can no longer be clicked.
jQuery has a function called .prop() that allows you to adjust the properties of elements.

Here's how you would disable all buttons:$("button").prop("disabled", true);

Now less disable only the target1 button together:
<script>
 $(document).ready(function() {  
$("#target1").prop("disabled", true);
  });
</script>

# conclusion
Note that we are using a visual studio code that has no background config of jQuery library and
the Animate.css library and that may lead to us not being able to see our  button element and our function
in action