---
Layout:
Title: "JSON"
Date: 2022-09-21
Categories:
---

# Introduction
today i have learned about JSON
JSON is a text-based data format following JavaScript object syntax, which was popularized by Douglas Crockford. Even though it closely resembles JavaScript object literal syntax, it can be used independently from JavaScript, and many programming environments feature the ability to read (parse) and generate JSON.

# body

JSON (JavaScript Object Notation, pronounced /ˈdʒeɪsən/; also /ˈdʒeɪˌsɒn/) is an open standard file format and data interchange format that uses human-readable text to store and transmit data objects consisting of attribute–value pairs and arrays (or other serializable values).

JSON is a widely used format that allows for semi-structured data, because it does not require a schema. This offers you added flexibility to store and query data that doesn't always adhere to fixed schemas and data types.

JSON is a file format used to store information in an organized and easy-to-access manner. Its full form is JavaScript Object Notation. It offers a human-readable collection of data that can be accessed logically. Its filename extension for written programming code is . json .

What is a JSON file? A JSON file stores data in key-value pairs and arrays; the software it was made for then accesses the data. JSON allows developers to store various data types as human-readable code, with the keys serving as names and the values containing related data.


# conclusion
NB: JSON names are on the left side of the colon. They need to be wrapped in double quotation marks, as in “name” and can be any valid string. Within each object, keys need to be unique. JSON values are found to the right of the colon.
