---
Layout:
Title: 'jQuery'
Date: 2022-04-06
Categories:
---

# Introduction

Today i have learned about how to Use appendTo to Move Elements with jQuery
and Clone an Element Using jQuery under
the Front End Development Libraries.

# body

Less start by trying to move elements from one dive to another.
jQuery has a function called appendTo() that allows us to select HTML elements and 
append them to another element.

less take this example: 

 <h4>#left-well</h4>
      <div class="well" id="left-well">
        <button class="btn btn-default target" id="target1">#target1</button>
        <button class="btn btn-default target" id="target2">#target2</button>
        <button class="btn btn-default target" id="target3">#target3</button>
      </div>
       <h4>#right-well</h4>
      <div class="well" id="right-well">
        <button class="btn btn-default target" id="target4">#target4</button>
        <button class="btn btn-default target" id="target5">#target5</button>
        <button class="btn btn-default target" id="target6">#target6</button>
      </div>
if we  had buttons and wanted to move target1 
from our right well to our left well, we would  use:
<$("#target1").appendTo("#left-well");>

Now less move our button target2 element from our left-well to our right-well
together like this:

<script>
  $(document).ready(function() {
$("#target2").appendTo("#left-well")
  });
</script>
In addition to moving elements, we can also copy them from one place to another.
 
jQuery has a function called clone() that makes a copy of an element.

For example, if we wanted to copy target4 from our left-well to our right-well, we would use:
<$("#target2").clone().appendTo("#right-well");>
now less clone target5 button element and append it to our left-well.
<script>
  $(document).ready(function() {
$("#target5").clone().appendTo("#left-well")
  });
</script>

# conclusion
Did you notice while cloning it involves sticking two jQuery functions together? This is called function chaining and it's a convenient way to get things done with jQuery.
jQuery makes the movement of functions easier.