---
Layout:
Title: 'jQuery'
Date: 2022-03-29
Categories:
---

# Introduction

Today i have learned about how to  Script Tags and Document Ready Work
 and Target HTML Elements with Selectors Using jQuery under 
the Front End Development Libraries.
jQuery is the most popular JavaScript tool of all time.

# body

Before we can start using jQuery, we need to add some things to our HTML.
First, add a script element at the top of our page and be sure to close it on the following line.
Our browser will run any JavaScript inside a script element, including jQuery.
Inside our script element, add this code: $(document).ready(function() { to our script. Then close it on the following line (still inside our script element) with: });
The important thing to know is that code we put inside this function will run as soon as our browser has loaded our page.

<script>
 $(document).ready(function() {  

  });
</script>
This is important because without our document ready function, our code may run before our HTML is rendered, which would cause bugs.

Now let's write our first jQuery statement. All jQuery functions start with a $, usually referred to as a dollar sign operator, or as bling.
jQuery often selects an HTML element with a selector, then does something to that element.
For example, let's make a button element bounce. less just add this code inside our document ready function:<$("button").addClass("animated bounce");>

this is how we do it:
<script>
 $(document).ready(function() {  
$("button").addClass("animated bounce");
  });
</script>

# conclusion
Note that we are using a visual studio code that has no background config of jQuery library and
the Animate.css library and that may lead to us not being able to see our button and our function
in action